Add input device stubs (#3411)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Gameplay/Input_device/Dance_pad/en.md

# Dance Pad

A **Dance Pad** is a type of rhythm game controller that is placed on the floor and the user steps on the pad to activate the keys. 

> The Wii Dance Mat requires a GameCube controller adaptor to function on PC. Once you have connected the dance pad to your PC, you can bind the correct keys in the osu! settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Wii](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wii "Wikipedia") Dance Mat requires a [GameCube](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GameCube "Wikipedia") controller adaptor to function on a computer. Once you have connected the dance pad to your computer, you can bind the correct keys in the osu! settings.
```
**An image of a GameCube adadptor for the Wii should prob be included.** This change is a bit of nitpick. Ignore it if you disagree.

> <!-- this is a stub -->

Reviewer: should be placed at the top of the article; needs tags.

# Dance pad

> A **dance pad** or **dance mat** is a type of rhythm game controller that uses a player's feet placement as input. 
> Shown below, dance pads are placed on the floor and enables the user to step anywhere from four to nine "directions" to activate the keys. 
> These kinds of controllers are most often used in rhythm games like *[Dance Dance Revolutiom](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dance_Dance_Revolution "Wikipedia")*  
> The [Wii](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wii "Wikipedia") Dance Mat requires the use of a [GameCube](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GameCube "Wikipedia") controller adaptor to function on a computer. 
> Once you have connected the dance pad to your computer, you can bind the correct keys in the osu! settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A **dance pad** or **dance mat** is a type of rhythm game controller that uses a player's feet placement as input. 
Shown below, dance pads are placed on the floor and enables the user to step anywhere from four to nine "directions" to activate the keys. These kinds of controllers are most often used in rhythm games like *[Dance Dance Revolutiom](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dance_Dance_Revolution "Wikipedia")*.

The [Wii](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wii "Wikipedia") Dance Mat requires the use of a [GameCube](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GameCube "Wikipedia") controller adaptor to function on a computer. 

Once you have connected the dance pad to your computer, you can bind the correct keys in the osu! settings.
```
